hi today I'm going to show you how you
change the cabin filter in a Mercedes
c-class I will also change the HUD
emblem because it's been broken off
again and I will show that in another
video
I've chosen a Bosch filter because I
think they they fit very well and I
think they might be the Original
Equipment Manufacturer but I'm not sure
first open the head
the cabin air filter is located here you
start by loosening these three clips and
now you can take it away
now you remove the old filter from the
housing
and take the new one
now we refit the filter housing these
slips they will go in here like this
and then you close the retaining clips
now you're all set